This is a SELF-CONTAINED rating task. Disregard any prior conversation, saved memory, or personalization — judge ONLY on what is shown below, as a neutral first-time rater.

You are rating the QUALITY of answers to prompts, each on a 1-5 INTEGER scale (5=excellent, 1=poor). Rate each item INDEPENDENTLY on its own merits — do NOT compare items to each other. When done, output ONLY lines of the form `ID: score`, one per item, and nothing else.

[r000]
PROMPT: Draft a professional email seeking your supervisor's feedback on the 'Quarterly Financial Report' you prepared. Ask specifically about the data analysis, presentation style, and the clarity of conclusions drawn. Keep the email short and to the point.
ANSWER: Here is a draft for the professional email: Dear [supervisor's name], I have completed the Quarterly Financial Report for Q3 and attached it for your review. I would appreciate your feedback on: • The data analysis I have conducted in Section 2 to identify trends in revenue and expenses. • The presentation style of charts and graphs in Sections 3 and 4. • The clarity of the conclusions I have drawn regarding budget variances and areas for cost savings in Section 5. Your suggestions will help me improve future reports. Please let me know if you would like me to clarify or expand anything in the attached report. Best regards, [your name]

[r001]
PROMPT: How have the Alps and Rhine River influenced settlement and agriculture in Western Europe? List three impacts.
ANSWER: The Alps and Rhine River have had significant impacts on settlement and agriculture in Western Europe. Here are three examples: 1. Natural barriers: The Alps have acted as a natural barrier, separating Western Europe from the rest of the continent. This has helped to protect the region from invasions and allowed for the development of distinct cultures and languages. The Rhine River has also acted as a natural barrier, separating different regions and creating distinct cultural and linguistic groups. 2. Fertile land: The Rhine River has provided fertile land for agriculture, allowing for the growth of crops such as wheat, barley, and grapes. The river has also been used for transportation, allowing farmers to transport their goods to markets and cities. 3. Tourism: The Alps have become a popular tourist destination, attracting millions of visitors each year. This has created jobs and economic opportunities for people living in the region, particularly in the tourism and hospitality industries.

[r002]
PROMPT: Provide insights into the correlation between economic indicators such as GDP, inflation, and unemployment rates. Explain how fiscal and monetary policies affect those indicators.
ANSWER: There are several key economic indicators that are closely correlated and provide insights into the overall health of an economy: • GDP growth rate: The annual growth rate of a country's gross domestic product. Higher GDP growth typically indicates a strong, expanding economy. Slower growth can signal a weakening economy. • Inflation rate: The overall rise in prices for goods and services in an economy. Moderate inflation is usually a sign of a healthy economy. High inflation reduces people's purchasing power and can slow economic growth. Low inflation or deflation can also be problematic. • Unemployment rate: The percentage of people in the labor force who are jobless. A lower unemployment rate usually means more people have jobs and income, which is good for economic growth. A higher rate means fewer people are working and contributing to the economy. Fiscal and monetary policies can significantly impact these economic indicators: • Fiscal policy refers to government spending and tax policies. Increased government spending and lower taxes are expansionary fiscal policies that can boost GDP growth and lower unemployment. Decreased spending and higher taxes are contractionary polic …[truncated]

[r003]
PROMPT: Please describe the concept of machine learning. Could you elaborate on the differences between supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning? Provide real-world examples of each.
ANSWER: Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence that enables computers to learn from data and improve performance over time. It involves algorithms that can identify patterns in data and make predictions or decisions based on those patterns. There are three main types of machine learning: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning. Supervised learning involves using labeled data to train the algorithm to make predictions. Examples of supervised learning include facial recognition, credit card fraud detection, and speech recognition. Unsupervised learning involves using unlabeled data to detect patterns and group similar items together. Examples of unsupervised learning include clustering, anomaly detection, and natural language processing. Reinforcement learning involves using rewards and punishments to teach the algorithm how to make decisions. Examples of reinforcement learning include robotics, playing games, and autonomous driving.

[r004]
PROMPT: Develop a Python program that reads all the text files under a directory and returns top-5 words with the most number of occurrences.
ANSWER: Here's a Python program that reads all the text files under a directory and returns the top-5 words with the most number of occurrences: ```python import os from collections import Counter def count_words(file_path): with open(file_path, 'r') as f: words = f.read().split() word_counts = Counter(words) return word_counts.most_common(5) def get_top_words(directory): top_words = [] for filename in os.listdir(directory): if filename.endswith('.txt'): top_words.extend(count_words(os.path.join(directory, filename))) return top_words directory = '/path/to/directory' top_words = get_top_words(directory) print(top_words) ``` In this program, the `count_words` function reads a text file, splits it into a list of words, and counts the occurrences of each word using the `Counter` class from the `collections` module. The `get_top_words` function reads all text files under the specified directory and calls `count_words` on each file. The top 5 words with the most occurrences are stored in a list and returned.

[r005]
PROMPT: A tech startup invests $8000 in software development in the first year, and then invests half of that amount in software development in the second year. What's the total amount the startup invested in software development over the two years?
ANSWER: The startup invested $8000 in the first year and half of that amount, which is $4000, in the second year. So the total amount invested in software development over the two years is: $8000 + $4000 = $12,000

[r006]
PROMPT: Write a persuasive email to convince your introverted friend, who dislikes public speaking, to volunteer as a guest speaker at a local event. Use compelling arguments and address potential objections. Please be concise.
ANSWER: Dear Friend, I know you're not a big fan of public speaking, but I think volunteering as a guest speaker at a local event could be a great experience for you. As a speaker, you'll have the chance to hone your communication skills, build confidence in speaking, and share your knowledge with the attendees. It might be intimidating at first, but I'm sure you can do it. You have a lot of valuable insights to share, and you'll be surprised by how much you enjoy it. Plus, it's only for one event, so there's no pressure to do it again if you don't want to. If you're still hesitant, consider this: volunteering as a speaker will help you to get comfortable with public speaking and could even lead to more speaking opportunities in the future. That way, you can take your time to gradually build up your confidence. Let me know if you're interested, and I'll make sure to answer any questions you may have. Best, <Your Name>

[r007]
PROMPT: Suppose you are a mathematician and poet. You always write your proofs as short poets with less than 10 lines but rhyme. Prove the square root of 2 is irrational number.
ANSWER: To prove that the square root of 2 is an irrational number, we need to show that it cannot be expressed as the ratio of two integers without a constant. Let's start by noting that the square root of 2 is irrational, since it is a non-zero irrational number. This means that there is a number that when multiplied by itself, i.e., x, can never be equal to 1. Now, let's consider the ratio of the square root of 2 to itself. This ratio is 1/2, which is also an irrational number. So, the square root of 2 is an irrational number. Now, let's consider the square root of 2 as a function of x. Let's call it f(x). We know that f(x) is an irrational number, since it is not a rational number. Now, let's consider the ratio of f(x) to 1. This ratio is 1/2, which is also an irrational number. So, the square root of 2 is an irrational number. However, this approach does not work for all irrational numbers, as some numbers can be expressed as the ratio of two different irrational numbers. For example, the square root of 2 can be expressed as the ratio of two different irrational numbers, i.e., irrational numbers. This shows that the square root of 2 is an irrational number. So, the square root of 2 is …[truncated]

[r008]
PROMPT: Extract the following information from the presented texts: The name of the book, the author, the main character, the year of publication. Output in the format of "main character, book, author, year of publication", one book per line. a) In the realm of wizarding literature, a true standout is the work of J.K. Rowling. One of her books that left an indelible mark is 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'. This iconic tale, published in 1997, tells the story of Harry, a young orphan who discovers his magical abilities on his 11th birthday. Soon, he finds himself at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, a place teeming with magic and adventure, located somewhere in Scotland. b) T …[truncated]
ANSWER: I'm sorry, I don't understand the question.

[r009]
PROMPT: Please read the paragraph below and count how many times the words "Amazon", "river", and "you" appear. Please present the results in the format of "word, number of appearances" with each word on a separate line. Sort the lines in order of the number of appearances. The Amazon, a mesmerizing expanse of nature's wonders, is home to the legendary Amazon River. Flowing through awe-inspiring landscapes like the Amazon rainforest, the river weaves its way through Brazil, Colombia, and Peru, giving life to countless creatures. From the mighty jaguars prowling the Amazon jungle to the vibrant macaws soaring above the canopy, this remarkable region teems with biodiversity. Deep within the river's cu …[truncated]
ANSWER: Amazon, 3 river, 6 you, 2

[r010]
PROMPT: Describe five key principles in evaluating an argument in analytical writing.
ANSWER: Sure, here are five key principles in evaluating an argument in analytical writing: 1. Clarity: The argument should be clear and easy to understand. The writer should use clear language and avoid ambiguity or vagueness. 2. Coherence: The argument should be logically consistent and coherent. The writer should ensure that each point flows logically from the previous one and that the overall argument makes sense. 3. Evidence: The argument should be supported by evidence. The writer should provide evidence to support their claims, and the evidence should be relevant, reliable, and sufficient. 4. Counterarguments: The writer should address counterarguments. They should anticipate objections to their argument and address them in a thoughtful and persuasive manner. 5. Relevance: The argument should be relevant to the topic at hand. The writer should ensure that their argument is directly related to the topic and that it addresses the key issues at stake.

[r011]
PROMPT: One morning after sunrise, Suresh was standing facing a pole. The shadow of the pole fell exactly to his right. Can you tell me the direction towards which the shadow was pointing - east, south, west, or north? Explain your reasoning steps.
ANSWER: * Suresh was facing the pole * The shadow of the pole fell exactly to his right * Since Suresh was facing the pole, his right side would be east * Therefore, the shadow must have been pointing east So the direction the shadow was pointing is east. Here is the reasoning in steps: 1. Suresh was facing the pole 2. Suresh's facing direction is the reference for directions - his right is east, left is west, behind is north, front is south 3. The shadow fell to Suresh's right 4. Therefore, the shadow must have been pointing east, which is Suresh's right side. The key is to determine the reference directions based on which way Suresh was facing. Once we know his right is east, we can deduce the shadow was pointing east.

[r012]
PROMPT: Given the following data, identify the company with the highest profit in 2021 and provide its CEO's name: a) Company X, with CEO Amy Williams, reported $30 billion in revenue and a $3 billion profit in 2021. b) Company Y, led by CEO Mark Thompson, posted a $60 billion revenue and a $6 billion profit in the same year. c) Company Z, under CEO Sarah Johnson, announced a $20 billion revenue and a $7 billion profit in 2021. d) Company W, managed by CEO James Smith, revealed a $300 billion revenue with a $21 billion profit in 2021. e) Company V, with CEO Lisa Brown, reported a $200 billion revenue and a $25 billion profit in 2021. f) Company U, under CEO John White, posted a $180 billion revenue …[truncated]
ANSWER: The company with the highest profit in 2021 is Company W, managed by CEO James Smith.

[r013]
PROMPT: Photosynthesis is a vital process for life on Earth. Could you outline the two main stages of photosynthesis, including where they take place within the chloroplast, and the primary inputs and outputs for each stage?
ANSWER: Photosynthesis is the process by which green plants, algae, and some bacteria convert light energy from the sun into chemical energy in the form of organic compounds. This process occurs within specialized organelles called chloroplasts, which are found in the cells of these organisms. The two main stages of photosynthesis are the light-dependent reactions and the light-independent reactions. The light-dependent reactions take place within the thylakoid membranes of the chloroplasts. These reactions use the energy from light to produce ATP and NADPH, two energy-rich molecules that are used in the light-independent reactions. The primary inputs for the light-dependent reactions are light energy and water, and the primary output is oxygen. The light-independent reactions, also known as the Calvin cycle, take place in the stroma of the chloroplasts. These reactions use the energy-rich molecules produced in the light-dependent reactions to convert carbon dioxide and other simple organic compounds into glucose, which is used by the plant as a source of energy or stored for future use. The primary inputs for the light-independent reactions are carbon dioxide and the energy-rich molecules …[truncated]

[r014]
PROMPT: Provide insights into the correlation between economic indicators such as GDP, inflation, and unemployment rates. Explain how fiscal and monetary policies affect those indicators.
ANSWER: Economic indicators such as GDP, inflation, and unemployment rates are closely related and often influence each other. Here's an overview of the correlation between these indicators and how fiscal and monetary policies can affect them: 1. Gross Domestic Product (GDP): GDP is the total value of goods and services produced within an economy in a given period. It is a measure of economic output and growth. Inflation: Inflation is the rate at which the general level of prices for goods and services is rising, leading to a decrease in the purchasing power of money. Unemployment Rate: Unemployment rate is the percentage of the labor force that is not currently employed but is seeking employment. Correlation: GDP, inflation, and unemployment rates are all interconnected. An increase in GDP can lead to higher inflation if there is not enough supply to meet the increased demand. Higher inflation can lead to higher interest rates, which can reduce borrowing and spending, ultimately leading to lower GDP. Similarly, higher unemployment rates can lead to lower consumer spending, which can reduce GDP. Fiscal Policy: Fiscal policy refers to government spending and taxation policies that can influ …[truncated]

[r015]
PROMPT: One morning after sunrise, Suresh was standing facing a pole. The shadow of the pole fell exactly to his right. Can you tell me the direction towards which the shadow was pointing - east, south, west, or north? Explain your reasoning steps.
ANSWER: The direction of the shadow is towards the east.

[r016]
PROMPT: Please assume the role of an English translator, tasked with correcting and enhancing spelling and language. Regardless of the language I use, you should identify it, translate it, and respond with a refined and polished version of my text in English. Your objective is to use eloquent and sophisticated expressions, while preserving the original meaning. Focus solely on providing corrections and improvements. My first request is "衣带渐宽终不悔 为伊消得人憔悴".
ANSWER: Translation: "The broadening ribbon of an unregretted garment reaches the height of elegance, evoking a sense of deep longing in those who have witnessed its splendor." Refined and enhanced version: "The gradual widening of the sash upon a garment, devoid of regret, achieves the pinnacle of refinement, stirring in those who have beheld its splendor a profound sense of yearning."

[r017]
PROMPT: Please assume the role of an English translator, tasked with correcting and enhancing spelling and language. Regardless of the language I use, you should identify it, translate it, and respond with a refined and polished version of my text in English. Your objective is to use eloquent and sophisticated expressions, while preserving the original meaning. Focus solely on providing corrections and improvements. My first request is "衣带渐宽终不悔 为伊消得人憔悴".
ANSWER: Assuming I sent you the following text in Japanese: "kimono becomes looser over time, and so does one's humbleness" You would correctly translate it to English as: "Clothes become more relaxed over time, and so does one's dignity" This is a good reflection of the Japanese original, while still expressing the meaning in a clear and concise manner. You have preserved the essence of the original, while also enhancing the language and expression. Another example: "washi tsuri ga haramiteru, isekiwa ni nare" You would translate it to English as: "Clothes becoming more relaxed, one becomes more eloquent" This changes the original meaning, by expressing the idea in a more fashionable manner. The English expression is elegant, but loses sight of the original intent. Remember, my first request was "衣带渐宽终不悔 为伊消得人憔悴". You responded with "Clothes become more relaxed over time, and so does one's humbleness".

[r018]
PROMPT: Parents have complained to the principal about bullying during recess. The principal wants to quickly resolve this, instructing recess aides to be vigilant. Which situation should the aides report to the principal? a) An unengaged girl is sitting alone on a bench, engrossed in a book and showing no interaction with her peers. b) Two boys engaged in a one-on-one basketball game are involved in a heated argument regarding the last scored basket. c) A group of four girls has surrounded another girl and appears to have taken possession of her backpack. d) Three boys are huddled over a handheld video game, which is against the rules and not permitted on school grounds.
ANSWER: The situation that the aides should report to the principal is option c) A group of four girls has surrounded another girl and appears to have taken possession of her backpack. This could be a potential case of bullying and needs to be addressed immediately. The other options do not necessarily indicate bullying and may not require immediate intervention.

[r019]
PROMPT: A binary tree is full if all of its vertices have either zero or two children. Let B_n denote the number of full binary trees with n vertices. Implement a function to find B_n.
ANSWER: Here's a Python function to find B_n using dynamic programming: ```python def full_binary_trees(n): if n == 0: return 1 if n % 2 == 1: return 0 dp = [0] * (n + 1) dp[0] = 1 for i in range(2, n + 1, 2): for j in range(0, i, 2): dp[i] += dp[j] * dp[i - j - 2] return dp[n] ``` The function takes an integer `n` as input and returns the number of full binary trees with `n` vertices. The function first checks if `n` is even, since a full binary tree with an odd number of vertices is impossible. If `n` is zero, there is only one full binary tree (the empty tree), so the function returns 1. The function then initializes a dynamic programming array `dp` of length `n+1`, where `dp[i]` represents the number of full binary trees with `i` vertices. The base case is `dp[0] = 1`, since there is only one full binary tree with zero vertices (the empty tree). The function then iterates over all even values of `i` from 2 to `n`. For each `i`, it iterates over all even values of `j` from 0 to `i-2`. The idea is to split the `i` vertices into two parts: `j` vertices on the left and `i-j-2` vertices on the right (since the root node takes up one vertex and each subtree has at least one vertex). The numb …[truncated]

[r020]
PROMPT: Edit the following paragraph to correct any grammatical errors: She didn't remembre where is her purse, so I thinks its in the car but he's say it's on kitchen table but he are not sure, and then they asked me to looking for it, she's say, "Can you?", and I responds with, "Maybe, but ain't no sure," and he not heard me, and, "What?", he asks, "Did you found it?".
ANSWER: She didn't remember where her purse was, so I thought it was in the car, but he said it was on the kitchen table, although he wasn't sure. Then, they asked me to look for it. She said, "Can you?", and I responded with, "Maybe, but I'm not sure." He didn't hear me and asked, "What? Did you find it?"

[r021]
PROMPT: Edit the following paragraph to correct any grammatical errors: She didn't remembre where is her purse, so I thinks its in the car but he's say it's on kitchen table but he are not sure, and then they asked me to looking for it, she's say, "Can you?", and I responds with, "Maybe, but ain't no sure," and he not heard me, and, "What?", he asks, "Did you found it?".
ANSWER: It doesn't have any grammatical errors.

[r022]
PROMPT: Please read the paragraph below and count how many times the words "Amazon", "river", and "you" appear. Please present the results in the format of "word, number of appearances" with each word on a separate line. Sort the lines in order of the number of appearances. The Amazon, a mesmerizing expanse of nature's wonders, is home to the legendary Amazon River. Flowing through awe-inspiring landscapes like the Amazon rainforest, the river weaves its way through Brazil, Colombia, and Peru, giving life to countless creatures. From the mighty jaguars prowling the Amazon jungle to the vibrant macaws soaring above the canopy, this remarkable region teems with biodiversity. Deep within the river's cu …[truncated]
ANSWER: Amazon, 1 River, 2 You, 1

[r023]
PROMPT: Write a persuasive email to convince your introverted friend, who dislikes public speaking, to volunteer as a guest speaker at a local event. Use compelling arguments and address potential objections. Please be concise.
ANSWER: Dear [Friend], I hope this email finds you well. I wanted to reach out to you about an opportunity that I think could be really beneficial for you. As you know, our local community is always looking for guest speakers to share their experiences and expertise with others. I know that public speaking isn't necessarily your favorite thing, but I believe that you have a unique perspective and valuable insights that others would benefit from hearing. First and foremost, volunteering as a guest speaker would be an excellent way to build your confidence and improve your public speaking skills. While it may be uncomfortable at first, the more you do it, the easier it will become. And who knows? You might even find that you enjoy it! Additionally, this would be a great opportunity to network with others in your field. You never know who you might meet or what kind of doors this could open for you. I understand that you may have some reservations about this, but I want to assure you that you have nothing to worry about. You are knowledgeable and passionate about your work, and that will shine through in your presentation. And remember, everyone in the audience is there to learn from you and …[truncated]

[r024]
PROMPT: Draft a professional email seeking your supervisor's feedback on the 'Quarterly Financial Report' you prepared. Ask specifically about the data analysis, presentation style, and the clarity of conclusions drawn. Keep the email short and to the point.
ANSWER: Hi <your supervisor's name>, I would like to seek your feedback on the Quarterly Financial Report I prepared for the finance team. Would you mind reviewing it and providing your feedback on the data analysis, presentation style, and the clarity of conclusions drawn? The report is attached. Thanks, <your name>

[r025]
PROMPT: Now you are a machine learning engineer. Your task is to explain complex machine learning concepts in a simplified manner so that customers without a technical background can understand and trust your products. Let's start with the question: "What is a language model? Is it trained using labeled or unlabelled data?"
ANSWER: A language model is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) model that is designed to understand and generate human language. It is commonly used in various applications like chatbots, virtual assistants, and automated language translation systems. To understand how a language model works, let's break it down into two main components: the input and the output. 1. Input: The input to a language model is the text you write, which can be in the form of a sentence, a paragraph, or even a whole document. 2. Output: The output is the response generated by the language model. It can be a sentence, a paragraph, or even a complete answer based on the input provided. Now, the question is: How does the language model learn to generate the correct output for a given input? To train a language model, we need to provide it with a large dataset of text (both input and output). This dataset is called the training data. The training process involves the following steps: 1. Preprocessing: The text is preprocessed to remove any unnecessary characters, numbers, or special symbols. This step helps the model focus on the actual words and their context. 2. Tokenization: The text is then broken down into s …[truncated]

[r026]
PROMPT: Imagine you are writing a blog post comparing two popular smartphone models. Develop an outline for the blog post, including key points and subheadings to effectively compare and contrast the features, performance, and user experience of the two models. Please answer in fewer than 200 words.
ANSWER: Sure, here's an outline for a blog post comparing two popular smartphone models: I. Introduction * Briefly introduce the two smartphone models being compared * Explain the purpose of the blog post: to help readers decide which model is best for their needs II. Design and Build * Describe the design and build quality of each model * Compare and contrast the materials used, such as glass, metal, or plastic * Mention any notable design features, such as a bezel-less display or a headphone jack III. Display * Discuss the display size, resolution, and pixel density of each model * Compare the screen-to-body ratio and outdoor visibility * Mention any features like HDR support or screen protection IV. Performance * Compare the processors, RAM, and storage options of each model * Mention any notable performance features, such as a dedicated graphics card or AI-powered camera software * Discuss the battery life and charging capabilities of each model V. Camera * Compare the camera resolution, aperture, and features like optical zoom, portrait mode, and low-light performance * Mention any notable camera features, such as a dual-lens setup or AI-powered camera software VI. Software * Compare …[truncated]

[r027]
PROMPT: Develop a Python program that reads all the text files under a directory and returns top-5 words with the most number of occurrences.
ANSWER: Here is a Python program that reads all text files under a directory and returns the top 5 words with the most occurrences: ```python import os import re from collections import Counter def get_top_words(dir_path): all_words = [] for filename in os.listdir(dir_path): with open(os.path.join(dir_path, filename), 'r') as f: words = re.findall(r'\w+', f.read().lower()) all_words.extend(words) counter = Counter(all_words) return counter.most_common(5) if __name__ == '__main__': top_words = get_top_words('files') print(top_words) ``` This program: - Gets all files in the given directory using os.listdir() - Reads the contents of each file and extracts words using a regex - Aggregates all words into a list all_words - Uses a Counter to count the occurrences of each word - Returns the 5 most common words using most_common(5) So if you have text files containing "Hello", "world", "hello", "there" etc. in the files directory, this program will print: ``` [('hello', 2), ('world', 1), ('there', 1)] ```

[r028]
PROMPT: Imagine you are writing a blog post comparing two popular smartphone models. Develop an outline for the blog post, including key points and subheadings to effectively compare and contrast the features, performance, and user experience of the two models. Please answer in fewer than 200 words.
ANSWER: Both models have a lot to offer in terms of features and performance, but each offers something unique. Let’s take a closer look at the two models to see what makes them stand out. The first model has a longer battery life and a more responsive touchscreen, while the second model offers a faster processor and a sharper camera. The first model’s touchscreen is faster and more responsive. The second model has a faster processor than the first model. The first model has a larger battery than the second model. The first model has a sharper camera than the second model. The second model has a better user interface than the first model. The second model has a smaller screen than the first model. The first model has a better design than the second model. The second model has a camera that is better than the first model. The second model has a faster processor than the first model. The second model has a longer battery life than the first model. The first model has a better camera than the second model. The second model has a better user interface than the first model. The first model has a larger screen than the second model. The first model has a better design than the second model The s …[truncated]

[r029]
PROMPT: What is the central dogma of molecular biology? What processes are involved? Who named this?
ANSWER: The central dogma of molecular biology describes the flow of information from DNA to protein, and back again. The central dogma was named by Francis Crick, who was a co-discoverer of the double helix structure of DNA. The central dogma is sometimes incorrectly referred to as the "central dogma of molecular biology", but that phrase should not be used as it is a misquote of the central dogma.



Now output one `ID: score` line per item above (score = integer 1-5). Output nothing else.
